1.
WebGL: is an Application Program Interface(API), that controls the GPU. it's is a state based APi,
you set up exactly how you want the GPU to do something, then send a geometry to render under these condition.

GPU/Graphics Pricessing Unit: It's uses a rendering process called rasterization or scan conversion, 
which is optimized to use the simplifications.

Rasterization: If the triangle(object) is partially or fully inside the frustum, 
the three points of the trangle on the screen are then used in a process called Rasterization

Z-Buffer: Distance from the camera. 

Fragment	 by part of triangle, and the process is called scan conversion.

Pixel: It is like a little square in wire screen but its on the computer screen.

GLSL/OpenGL Shading Language: it's an API for desktop computer that dates back to 1992.

View Frustum: it is the field of view of the notional camera, and the view is pyramid-shaped.

Vertex: it is used to specify the vertex coordinates for points, lines, triangles, quads, and polygons

Right-hand coordinate system(RHS): For example when the y-axis goes up and x axis goes east and z axis goes south, 
and u use right hand or left hand to check if which finger of the left or right fit the Coordinate System,
if it fit on the right it call Right-Hand Coordinate system.

2. It's important thing in the game because everything u see in the 3d games are made of triangles,
sometimes u can see it and sometimes not. and you use 3d location to define the triangles such as X, Y and Z. 


3. Rendering pipeline is seperate into 3 steps and treat it seperately:
first step is that application, it decides what triangles to send down the pipeline.
second step is Camera & Model Transform, it modify by the camera views of the world with any modeling transform is applied.
for example to modify the location, orientation and the size. 
third step is Rasterization, it's that the three point of the triangle on the screen are partially or fully inside the frustum. 
each step start the same time but it goes from first step and end at the third step. 


